hi my name is jennifer with keller
williams realty in Las Vegas I'm here to
take you on a tour of a hen house
located on the northwest side of Las
Vegas in the tides community this
property is 1,600 square feet three
bedrooms three baths and it is a
two-story thanks for taking the time to
watch this video let's start the tour
down this hall where you will find one
of the three bedrooms a full bath and
the laundry room which is conveniently
located right off the garage
you
this property is located in the tides
community which is a popular gated
community located on the northwest side
of Las Vegas the community features its
own fitness center pool and spa for all
residents to use and enjoy
right around the corner from the tides
community is desert breeze community
center which features an indoor and
outdoor pool gymnasium parks soccer
fields and even a dog run